Translate more docs in to Bosnian. (#856)
openmultiplayer/web: docs/scripting/functions/SetPlayerMarkerForPlayer.md

- [LimitPlayerMarkerRadius](LimitPlayerMarkerRadius): Limit the player marker radius.
- [SetPlayerColor](SetPlayerColor): Set a player's color.
- [ShowPlayerNameTagForPlayer](ShowPlayerNameTagForPlayer): Show or hide a nametag for a certain player.

> - [GetPlayerMarkerForPlayer](GetPlayerMarkerForPlayer): Gets a player's marker for a specific player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [GetPlayerMarkerForPlayer](GetPlayerMarkerForPlayer): Gets the colour of a player's nametag and radar blip for another player.
```
